you
the first time I sing in public
was the graduation of the institute and I thought
that he was going to have an unbearable fear and
I was really surprised that it was not like that
I think it was like the road to
lessons the music and you can do something
with them
Y
I think I've been so scattered that
I have been removing everything that was on top
of music and what has been left
in the end I do not have a process for all
the songs but it is true that
I take great care of the lyrics although I really
for me the most important thing is music
what is playing inside is music
I looked more like operating brains or
dissecting frogs or doing things like that
a little more disgusting but in the end
what has stolen me the
time so
the campaign ended successfully that
we meet the objective in time and nothing
We have now finished recording and
I think it will come out next month
I think he has his own concept like that
that follows the same line in terms of
melodies are perceived to me at all times
but it has its own concept of why
it has been a comb a disc is its own
of your own history
life
true
and I believe that each person is born with a
special talent and will not find
nothing that I can do as well as I
what's inside of me then I think that
just find the talent and
bet on him
of 2015 let's be first we start
like in festivals in summer we have
sonorama and the festival of the senses and
we will be closing some other date and
We will also start with the tour of
presenting for two tomorrow